docs(changelog): prep FWSS v1.3.0 upgrade notes (#507)
FilOzone/filecoin-services: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> This upcoming FWSS upgrade includes breaking changes for some FWSS integrations, especially callers that depend on removed pricing helpers, removed pricing/CDN events, or the old pricing model.

Reviewer: This line seems a little out-of-place. Either we have a summary/highlights section and flush it out more or we just rely on the bullet points below.

If we do want to provide more editorializing, I think we discuss:
- This is the contract upgrade coinciding with Filecoin Onchain Cloud's 202606 General Availabilty.
- Pricing has aligned around a per-operation model. (Ideally we link to more docs about this, but I realize we may not have that yet).
- Termination has cleanded-up/slimplied.

(That said, I'm good to not do editorializing to keep it simple.)

> This upcoming FWSS upgrade includes breaking changes for some FWSS integrations, especially callers that depend on removed pricing helpers, removed pricing/CDN events, or the old pricing model.
> 
> ### Deployment / Rollout Status
> 
> See the planned [v1.3.0 GitHub Release](https://github.com/FilOzone/filecoin-services/releases/tag/v1.3.0) for rollout status, implementation addresses, epochs, and transaction links once the release is cut. See [`service_contracts/deployments.json`](./service_contracts/deployments.json) for current live Mainnet and Calibnet contract addresses. The FWSS proxy addresses remain unchanged; update `deployments.json` only after live proxy implementation slots match the new implementation addresses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## v1.3.0
Original version fixed: This FWSS upgrade includes breaking changes for some FWSS integrations, especially callers that depend on removed pricing helpers, removed pricing/CDN events, or the old pricing model.
Proposal: This FWSS upgrade coincides  with Filecoin Onchain Cloud's 202606 General Availability.

### Deployment / Rollout Status

See the [v1.3.0 GitHub Release](https://github.com/FilOzone/filecoin-services/releases/tag/v1.3.0) for rollout status, implementation addresses, epochs, and transaction links. See [`service_contracts/deployments.json`](./service_contracts/deployments.json) for current live Mainnet and Calibnet contract addresses. `deployments.json` is only updated after live proxy implementation slots match the new implementation addresses. The FWSS proxy addresses remain unchanged.
```

One goal I wanted to hit with https://app.notion.com/p/filecoindev/202606-PDP-FWSS-Contract-Deployment-Tagging-Deployment-Process-Updates-376dc41950c180c893e8f5e23189e393#376dc41950c180689e17c24f3060bb53 is to touch the PR less. 

---
I'm also wondering if these last 3 sentences with "See `service_contracts/deployments.json`..." even belong here.

deployments.json is intended as programatic way to learn what is deployed. It's going to continue to update as we do more releases.

So basically we have 

1. version changelog entry section - ideally this is set once and then not touched again (unless we see mistkaes in it or want to improve)
2. github release which starts with a lot of things as empty/not-done, but then progressively fills-in/completes. Once it's done, it doesn't get touched.
3. deployments.json which is living and continuing to change as more releases roll through.

- Added `topUpLifecycleReserve(dataSetId, amount)` so payers can pre-fund the reserve before termination or wind-down operations ([#488](https://github.com/FilOzone/filecoin-services/pull/488)).
- Added an abandonment cleanup path for inactive data sets that were never terminated through `terminateService` ([#500](https://github.com/FilOzone/filecoin-services/pull/500)).
- Added a `terminateService(dataSetId, bytes extraData)` overload for signed payer-consent metadata ([#485](https://github.com/FilOzone/filecoin-services/pull/485)).

### Changed
- Set the dataset creation operation fee to `0.025 USDFC` ([#497](https://github.com/FilOzone/filecoin-services/pull/497)).
- Priced PDP rails from raw data size rather than Fr32-expanded leaf size ([#471](https://github.com/FilOzone/filecoin-services/pull/471)).
- Allowed consent-based service termination, settlement, and data-set deletion to be batched in a single transaction ([#506](https://github.com/FilOzone/filecoin-services/pull/506)).
- Renamed payer validation language from "minimum" to "required" to reflect the new pricing model ([#498](https://github.com/FilOzone/filecoin-services/pull/498)).

> ### Upgrade Notes

Reviewer: I think this section either belongs above "Breaking Changes" or after "Fixed".

- Existing FWSS proxy integrations continue using the same proxy addresses.

> - Do not merge `service_contracts/deployments.json` updates for this release until the live Calibnet and Mainnet FWSS proxy implementation slots match the new implementation addresses.

Reviewer: This is an operator note. I don't think it belongs here.
```suggestion
```
